# README

This directory contains data and scripts to reproduce figures presented in the paper: "A 26-Gram Butterfly-Inspired Robot with Flapping Modulation and Onboard Control" (Weibin Gu *et al.*). Detailed information is given as follows.



Figure 1B: Mass distribution of the flight-ready robot. (`mass_distribution.py`)

Figure 1D: Actuation signals and body undulation phenomenon. (`body_undulation.py`)

Figure 1F: Morphological statistics. (`venation_analysis_overlay_comprehensive.py`)

Figure 2, A and B: Variations in inertial properties. (`cog_moi_variation.py`)

Figure 2C: Static aerodynamic forces and moment. (`static_aerodynamics_analysis.py`)

Figure 2, F to H: Comparisons of aerodynamic forces among wing variants. (`wing_aerodynamics_ablation.py`)

Figure 2, I and J: Comparisons of forewing bending angles between wing variants. (`wing_bending_downstroke.py`)

Figure 2K: Comparisons of chordwise deformation and hindwing angle. (`forewing_hindwing_angle_comparison.py`)

Figure 3, C and D: Existing split-cycle methods. (`wing_motion_final_comparisons_complete.py`)

Figure 3, E to G: Proposed STAR method. (`CPG.py`)

Figure 3, H to L: STAR with IIR filtering. (`CPG_with_IIR_improved.py`)

Figure 4: Force-torque mapping. (`flapping_pattern.py`, `membrane_wing_0829_40cycles.zip`)

Figure 5A: Linear acceleration measurements. (same as Figure 5, F to M)

Figure 5, B and C: Intra-cycle acceleration profiles under angle offset and stroke timing modulation. (same as Figure 5, F to M)

Figure 5, F to M: Pitch and yaw angle tracking. (`pid_analysis.py`, `PID.zip`)

Figure 6B: Comparisons between biological examplars and robotic platforms. (`natural_vs_robotic_butterflies.py`)

Figure S1: Forewing contour parameterization. (`wing_contour_parameterization.py`)

Figure S3 and S4: Forces and torques generated by angle offset and stroke timing modulation. (same as Figure 4)



